.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2020, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_V4_SIGNATURE 3 "03 Jun 2020" "libcurl 7.72.0" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_V4_SIGNATURE \- V4 signature
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_V4_SIGNATURE,
                          char *providers_infos);
.SH DESCRIPTION
provides AWS V4 signature authentication on HTTPS header

The provider argument is a string that is merged to some authentication
parameters use by the algorithm.
It's used by "Algorithm", "date", "request type", "signed headers" arguments,

NOTE: This call set CURLOPT_HTTPAUTH to CURLAUTH_V4_SIGNATURE.
Calling CURLOPT_HTTPAUTH with CURLAUTH_V4_SIGNATURE is the same as calling
this with "aws:amz" in paramater.

Example with "Test:Try", when curl will do the algorithm, it will Generate:
"TEST-HMAC-SHA256" for "Algorithm"
"x-try-date" and "X-Try-Date" for "date"
"test4_request" for "request type"
"SignedHeaders=content-type;host;x-try-date" for "signed headers"

If you use just "test", instead of "test:try",
test will be use for every strings generated


.SH DEFAULT
NULL
.SH PROTOCOLS
HTTP
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();

struct curl_slist *list = NULL;

if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_URL, "https://api_type.region.site.domaine/uri/uri");

  curl_easy_setopt(c, CURLOPT_V4_SIGNATURE, "xxx:yyy");
  curl_easy_setopt(c, CURLOPT_USERPWD, "MY_ACCESS_KEY:MY_SECRET_KEY");
  list = curl_slist_append(list, "Content-Type: application/json");
  curl_easy_setopt(c, CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER, list);
  curl_easy_perform(curl);

  curl_slist_free_all(list); /* free the list */
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 7.74.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_HEADEROPT "(3), " CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER "(3), "
